---
title: "Unikraft Hackathon"
date: 2023-03-20
draft: false
tags: ['news']
---

<figure>
        <img src="/images/hack-athens23.jpg#floatleft" height="180px" alt="" style="border-radius: 12%"/>
</figure>

We are excited to host a Unikraft Hackathon in Athens, GR!  It is a great
opportunity for students, professionals and systems software enthousiasts to
meet, exchange ideas, and code together in this two-day event!

[Nubificus LTD](https://nubificus.co.uk), along with the [Unikraft
community](https://unikraft.org), the [High Speed Communication Networks Lab
(HSCN)](http://hscnl.ece.ntua.gr/) and the [Computing Systems Lab
(CSLab)](http://research.cslab.ece.ntua.gr) of the [National Technical
University of Athens (ICCS/NTUA)](https://ntua.gr) come together to organize
the [Unikraft Athens
Hackathon](https://unikraft.org/community/hackathons/2023-03-athens/) to be
held on Thursday and Friday, March 30-31, 2023.

As part of the Unikraft community [Răzvan
Deaconescu](https://github.com/razvand/) and [Ștefan
Jumărea](https://github.com/StefanJum) will be present on-site, with other
community members providing support online, on Discord.

At the end of the first day, starting at 16:15, we will host a short session with invited talks:

- "The Value of Unikernels in the Emerging Disaggregated HPC and AI Clusters",
  [Dimitris Syrivelis](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dimitris-syrivelis-3208533)

- "Unikernels for Serverless", [Anastassios Nanos](https://github.com/ananos)

- "Running MPI applications on Toro unikernel", [Matias Vara
  Larsen](https://github.com/MatiasVara/)

The hackathon will take place as an in-person event at the [Multimedia
Amphitheater](https://goo.gl/maps/MPyEqnuUn4HStTdt5) at the Zografou campus of
NTUA. The full address is: Multimedia Amphitheater, Central Library Building,
Heroon Polytechniou 9, 15780 Zografou, Greece.

Support information and discussions will take place on
[Discord](http://bit.ly/UnikraftDiscord) on the #hack-athens23 channel.

#### Unikraft

<figure>
        <img src="/images/unikraft-u.svg#floatleft" width="80px" alt="" />
</figure>

Unikraft is a fast, secure and open-source Unikernel Development Kit,
optimizing application execution by tailoring the operating system, libraries
and configuration to the particular needs of the application. It vastly reduces
virtual machine and container image sizes to a few KBs, provides blazing
performance, and drastically cuts down the software stack’s attack surface.