---
title: "The 2022 Innovation Radar praises Nubificus' work on Serverless Computing"
date: 2022-08-22
draft: false
tags: ['news']
authors: ['']
---

![](images/ir-logo.png#floatright)


Nubificus LTD has been identified by the European Commission's [Innovation
Radar](https://www.innoradar.eu) as a high potential innovator for their work
on Serverless computing. Specifically, EC's [IR](https://www.innoradar.eu)
identified the Serverless Framework that Nubificus LTD develops as having a
high potential for innovation. The lightweight serverless framework for the
Edge is being developed as part of the 5G-COMPLETE Horizon 2020-funded project.

The framework to provide [Fast, Secure & Efficient Serverless for the
Edge](https://www.innoradar.eu/innovation/43607) was assessed by the IR
(https://www.innoradar.eu) as technology that addresses the needs of existing
markets and falls under IR's
*[exploring](https://www.innoradar.eu/methodology/#maturity-info)* category.
This category prizes organizations' initiative to take steps to actively
explore value creation opportunities, commercialization and the pursuit of
concrete market-oriented ideas that advance technology development processes.

#### 5G-COMPLETE

![](images/cropped-5g-complete-logo-horizontal.png#floatleft)
The 5G-COMPLETE project aims to revolutionize the 5G architecture, by
efficiently combining compute and storage resource functionality over a unified
ultra-high capacity converged digital/analog Fiber-Wireless (FiWi) Radio Access
Network (RAN). By employing the recent advances in Ethernet fronthauling
introduced by the eCPRI standard as a launching point, 5G-COMPLETE introduces
and combines a series of key technologies under a unique architectural
proposition. Nubificus particular focus is on the rapid and cost-efficient
service deployment through lightweight virtualization mechanisms and unikernel
technology.

The unique systems software components stemmed from the project are leveraged
to explore disruptive technologies for Serverless computing and extracted the
essential features to allow workloads to be deployed and executed securely, at
the Edge, supporting hardware acceleration functionality. 

#### Innovation Radar

The Innovation Radar is a European Commission initiative that identifies high
potential innovations and innovators in EU-funded research and innovation
projects. It bases its selection on information and data gathered by
independent experts who review research and innovation projects funded by the
European Commission.

The goal of the Innovation Radar platform is to show citizens the scientific
and technological advances that take place thanks to the Commission's funding.
By providing greater access to such information, the platform hopes to
encourage the development of a dynamic ecosystem of incubators, entrepreneurs,
funding agencies and investors that can help get EU-funded innovations to the
market faster.

### Resources

- Innovation Radar: [https://www.innoradar.eu](https://www.innoradar.eu)
- 5G-COMPLETE website: [https://5gcomplete.eu](https://5gcomplete.eu)
- Twitter: [https://twitter.com/5gcomplete](https://twitter.com/5gcomplete)
- LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/company/5gcomplete](https://www.linkedin.com/company/5g-complete)
